
									
Full confusion only. One minute everything is happy and the next minute the world looks like it is going to end. I think I want to pull my hair.
See, India beat Pakistan. Everybody (I mean some people in India, maybe some in Pakistan also) is celebrating. Then immediately they are showing some protest rally where some people are demanding a separate state and all. See now you tell whether to celebrate or feel sorry?
Whenever we are celebrating means, you are putting all the guilt in the head and saying ‘How can you celebrate when so much atrocities are happening around you?’. Immediately I am losing all the high.
I don’t know boss. From the childhood this only big problem. When I am laughing out loudly means, the parents people are telling ‘Don’t laugh too much. Don’t laugh loudly. Don’t laugh like that. Don’t laugh. Tomorrow you will cry. Etc etc’ means how? I think that is why secretly they invented short forms like lol, rofl and all so that it is not appearing like we are actually laughing too much. Tell me something, if I am crying too much means whether anyone is coming and telling ‘Don’t cry too much, tomorrow you will end up laughing out loud. Be careful!’? No na? Then? Why this partiality against laughter?
Anyway. But why I should not do that is my only question. I should not have total fun itself, is it? ‘Do you know how many people are suffering in the world right now? Have you ever thought of it?’ you are asking .
Correct boss, even I am angry at all the bullshit happening in the world. I will even go out of my way to make a difference and like a page and forward SMS to 11 people within 24 hours. But what more you want me to do? And more importantly why you are telling me all this only when I am happy and jolly? Your only aim is to make me feel guilty is it? How can you expect one person be concerned about so many things in the world?
See, just now everybody got angry about corruption and did protest march and all. I also got angry. Just watching all that itself made me tired. Then some nuclear based protest happened and I again got angry. Then some demand for separate sta..arey! How many times to get angry yaar? Give some rest, no? Sometimes I must also be happy and take a break na? Absolutely no concern about the world, you are accusing. Even if I care, for that also you will say, ‘Oho, suddenly you are an expert in this topic, is it? Where were you all these days?’ Boss, first you decide what you want to accuse me of.
Yes, the world is full of problems only. Something is happening somewhere and you want us to do something about it means what to do? Who will look after our families? We are also middle-class people only no?
For that only we have elected and put certain people in certain places to do certain things. If they are not doing their jobs, and you want us to take action against them because they are not taking any action against the atrocity means who will do my job here? Whether you will come and do? What logic is this?
Ok, agreed. I am not buying products that are using child labour. I am not encouraging cruelty to animals. I am not spoiling the environment. I am not cheating. I am not stealing. I am putting vote in all the elections. I am paying my taxes regularly. Still what more you want me to do?
We are also having so many problems in life, ok? Severe water shortage in our apartment. Everyday we have to wake up early to store water. And then they are plucking away electricity every day, hiding it somewhere and giving it back just before we die, so that they can play this game with us for one more day. Back problem is coming because of terrible roads. Elevator is not working properly. Cafeteria food is so horrible.
Now you tell me who is protesting on my behalf for all this? Head is going to explode only.

								

									

See the thing is, I don’t know where to start. Where it started with YOU I am able to remember and all. But then, what to say, how to say, that is a little difficult. It has been so many years no…

And yet, after so many years, I am not able to forget you. You know why? Because of the things you have done to me!

Boss what is the problem if I went running down the corridor, shouting at the top of my voice? Immediately you will stop and pull my hair and scold. And while pulling my hair only you will realise ki I have not had my haircut on time and scold me for that also. Because of you, even today I am getting restless if I don’t get a haircut on time!

What is your job and what you are doing? You want to teach means teach but why you are threatening me all the time? I am thinking ki they actually paid you to scare the hell out of me just by glaring at me. Especially with your glasses and all, your eyes looked even bigger! My god, how scary! And I am still thinking you are the reason I get scared even today whenever I see someone with wide-open eyes.

And you know something? It is now officially in my DNA to look around first before speaking out an unparliamentary word. I’m just making sure you are not around when I am saying the bad word. See what you have done to me!

Best is, for anything and everything you will threaten to call my parents and complain about me. And at home, you know what my parents will do? They will threaten to complain about me to you! Arey! What kind of game was this? And I was getting so much worried about who will complain what to whom!

All this despite the fact that I was so much impressed by you.

I liked the way you had command over English so much, that it often sent me stammering while talking to you because I didn’t want you to ridicule me in front of others. And I always thought you deliberately used cursive writing on the blackboard to mock at my useless handwriting.

You wowed me with your intelligence by giving answers to every question I asked. And I knew what kind of questions to ask you because certain kinds of questions and certain kinds of actions attracted violent physical reactions from you, that is a different story.

And oh, I even had a crush on you because I liked the way you dressed.

No no, I am not saying ki you are bad or that you made me feel bad and all. In fact, it is the opposite.

I may be an average person today, but you never made me feel average. Somehow, at least one of you had something nice to say about me. At least one of you said I was good. At least one of you stayed back every day after work for me because you felt responsible for my future.

But you see, after you left, a lot of people replaced you.

Unlike you, they didn’t scold me for fighting with others. They actually told me that everyone around me was my competitor and that I had to ‘fight the world’ to survive.  Maybe because you knew something that these guys didn’t know. Maybe you knew that the guy I was fighting with, was not my competitor but would actually become a friend for life.

They didn’t ask me to stop running around or even slow down, because they only said I had to run hard if I had to stay in the same place.

They stopped worrying about how much I absorbed. They were only interested in how much I could give. They said they had a job to do. But nobody said they had a responsibility.


At least once, I had wished I would become someone like you. But I did not. And you probably expected that to happen, because you knew me better than anyone else. But I also think you are expecting something else to happen.
You are probably sitting in your chair with your big eyes reading something, expecting me to come up meekly and say, Happy Teacher’s Day.
								

									You do one thing. First you grow up. Because, if you grow up means, automatically your son will grow up. And when your son is growing up, give him a pack of condoms. Now don’t give that confused look and all. Seriously, give him a pack of condoms. Along with that, give him a lot of free advice. Don’t think that he won’t take it. Give it anyway, he will eventually take it. 
Tell your son to go out with the girls. Tell him to give them hugs and high-fives and ask them to go out on day trips and have fun. Tell him that it is not important to get married before having sex and that if he feels like it, ask him to use that condom you just gave him. Tell him that the Health and Glow shop anyway has lots of varieties of them near the cash counter itself and that he need not be embarrassed to go buy them if he has to. No one will notice.
Tell him that he can talk about sex in your presence. And that you will not feel embarrassed about it. 
Tell your son that it is ok to watch pornography. Don’t ask him to watch it when you are around and all, that will be indecent, but still tell him that there is nothing wrong in watching two adults in action.
Tell your son to read erotic fiction and have some fun. In fact, if possible, you only give a copy of the Kamasutra to him. He won’t understand any of it anyway, but still give it to him. Or try Harold Robbins.
Ask him to log on to Chatrooms and have sex chat with a random girl on the other end. It could be a guy pretending to be a girl, but still that and all doesn’t matter. Ask him to have it nevertheless. 
Ask him to do sexting with this girlfriend, but tell him to do it discreetly. Tell him it is ok to have phone sex with her and that even if you overhear something from his room, tell him that you will pretend you have not heard anything. Promise him you won’t embarrass him.
Tell him to fall in love with a woman (or a man). Tell him to go head-over-heels (or something like that) about her. Tell him to admire her beauty. Actually, tell him to admire the beauty of all women. Tell him that they are single most source of joy on the planet and that without them the world is nothing. Tell him to make love to a woman in a manner that they will remember for the rest of their lives.
Tell him to relax and enjoy sex.
But before you do ANY of the above,
Tell him what they show on National Geographic Channel. Tell him that male animals don’t have sex without the permission of the female animal. Tell him that it is a shame to touch a woman without her permission. Tell him that it is a failure on your part and on the way you have brought him up. Tell him that it is a failure to his manhood. 
Tell him that real life pornography requires her permission. Tell him that if a woman agrees, no amount of erotica can match a woman’s passion. But ask him to wait for the woman to agree first.
Tell him that a woman is a human being. Just like him. Not a piece of object. Tell him that while it is ok to admire her beauty, grabbing her body parts without her permission is worse than stealing food from rabies-ridden street dog. Tell him that just because he possesses a penis, it does not give him the right to mate with every vagina in the vicinity automatically.
Tell him that even broken hearts can be mended but he cannot break a woman’s dignity at any cost.
Tell him that raping is a Sin for which Man will have to pay a heavy price. A very heavy price.
								

									
Boss what is this obsession with looking good all the time? Every minute of the day you want to look good is it? Not possible. No no, not just the ladies ok? I am talking about the gentlemen too. Always you want to look good means how is it possible? Whether you are working in beauty parlour?
Earlier they used to call it beauty parlour and all the ladies used to go to do something with threads or something. At that time, all the men happily used to sit and read some magazines, I mean see some pictures of…ladies, I mean girls. But these beauty parlour fellows have totally messed up everything. They saw ki men are wasting time and so they said, ‘Arey, we will cut hair for men too, come come!’ So women are getting haircut and next seat men are also getting haircut. Women are looking at themselves in the mirror seriously and men are also looking at them secretly through the mirror. Best part is the women know everything that is happening and still they act as if they have not seen the men seeing them. What boss? Why such acting?
Hair looks so boring, it seems. If it is boring, why you are looking at it? Go watch some TV or play video games. Anyway you are going to put your hairband in your wrist only. For that why so much trouble?
Ok leave that. We used to happily go to ‘Malabar Saloon’ and get haircut and all. Now, suddenly all the saloon fellows have become salon fellows. Best is, they dropped one ‘O’ from saloon and added two ‘0’s to the price! Suddenly, ten rupees hair cut is thousand rupees. Arey! At least put some radio no, some decent music or general knowledge will come. Instead they are playing party music. What?! Boss, hair is getting cut yaar, how to shake the leg to the music? Whether you will face the consequence of ugly haircut? Maybe you will face, but I won’t. 
On top of all this, they are selling hair cream to give ‘that Just-out-of-bed’ look it seems. Arey! If I want to get that look, I will simply get out of bed and go straight, no?
Indecent fellow will cut the hair and should simply leave no? He won’t. Very cleverly he will look at your face and say ‘Sir your skin is too rough and ugly patches are coming. You want to remove them?’ And we are thinking ki, ‘Boss, if one guy itself calling me ugly means what will the girls think?’ Men are feeling like this means, imagine how women will feel when asked like this? Ok, no need to imagine.
And he also wants to cut my nails it seems. No thank you. I have Made in Korea nail-cutter at home. 
And the trouble taken in the gym. Uff. No need to mention at all. I think the gym fellows are our creditors in the previous birth. Otherwise why we will simply give money and forget about it? Especially because anyhow you are visiting Frankie’s every alternate day. What is the point? And yes, six-pack is useless. Women will look and drool and all but ultimately fall for the ‘chubby cute’ guy with nice paunch, because he looks ‘normal’. Why bother anyway? 
You put fairness cream wherever you want to, but result will be the same. Somebody is always fairer than you, so again, don’t bother. There are six billion people in this planet. Who are you trying to impress?
Boss, you do whatever you want to look good. Nothing wrong. Your money, you spend. If nothing is working you can at least download some nice filters on Adobe Light Room and impress others. Anyhow you are already using Instagram.
But see, just looking good is not at all important no? Ordinary looking people cannot live in this planet is it? Who said? 
However ‘beautiful’ you are, if you are walking around with a frown means what is the point? People will throw mustard at your face and it will explode only.
I don’t understand why we are trying so hard when there is an easy way to become the most beautiful person in the planet. Put one simple honest smile. That’s all.
								

									Boss, you are looking in the wrong place. Then you are simply coming and complaining this city is useless, this city is not having this, this city is not having that and all. See every city has its problems ok?


If you go to a new city means immediately you start complaining. Agreed boss, it is not like your city and is full of shit. Cow shit, goat shits, human shit and lots of crow shit. Everywhere you go it smells of bathroom. The river looks like bathroom itself. But why you are looking at the appearance only I don’t understand?


Right boss, agreed. The transport system is ridiculous. No one can travel without looking like Albert Einstein.  Just like him, everybody’s doing mental calculations only. Of their EMIs. What they will do? Poor fellows.


See, like any gift, a city is also nicely wrapped in multiple layers ok? 


You are looking at the wrapping paper and passing comments means not acceptable. Some people buy expensive wrapping paper and tie colourful ribbon and all but inside will be one useless gift item like alarm timepiece. Boss who even uses timepiece these days?


First of all you don’t understand the concept of time itself properly. You want to roam around the streets in the night means, ok, your wish, democratic country, you do whatever you want. But simply you are coming and asking, ‘Where is the night life, where is the night life?’ means go to hell. Arey, others have to sleep no? Always complaining ‘The city shuts down so early, all shops are closed so early’ and this and that. Shopkeepers don’t have family or what? They are also humans no? For you they will have to keep the shop open all through the night is it?


Best is you will go ‘Uff, this city is so hot!’. As if we requested the sun to burn us. Boss, what to do? Geography. That’s all.


And the complaining against the food. No, don’t even get me started.




Boss issue is very simple. That is why I am saying you are looking in the wrong places. All your clubs and pubs and bars and other alcohol related problems are genuine only, agreed. Decent places to hang out is also not there, that also agreed. But these things do not make a city no? 
What truly makes a city is its people, right? 


Before you say stupid things about the city, ask yourself some of these questions


Are the people always watching your back? (Pun intended, unfortunate, ignorable)


The neighbour aunty is nosy, agreed. She will ask you where you are going but she is also asking whether you had dinner and if you say no means she will happily offer to give whatever she cooked, right?


You can comfortably give your house keys to her and go out (and no she will not open your house when you are gone) and she will even collect your milk packets and keep it in her fridge for you, no?


If you visit somebody’s house means they insist you eat and go no? Will they let you go without making you eat at least one biscuit?


Some neighbour kid from some apartment in the building will come and give you a chocolate and say it is his birthday, right? You don’t even know who it is but you still take it and wish him no?


Whether families are waking up early, cooking, dropping the kids in the school and then driving god-knows-how-far to work? Are they taking their kids to the beach and parks to play on the weekends?


If two people are fighting in the street like mad dogs means there are still some good souls that are interfering and doing the match referee work no?


Grandparents and grandchildren are still living in the same house right?


If you are leaving the city means people are feeling sad and they are wishing you will come back again no?


If you say yes to any of these means then what is your problem boss?


Relax. You are living in a special city. A city full of ordinary people.
								

									Have you tried watching TV with your parents? Don’t. If you still want to do so means, all the best. First of all it is the most confusing and frustrating experience you will have in your life. You will be watching some movie for a long time. Nobody will be around. But I don’t know from where they will come, but the moment two people are kissing on screen, the parents will appear from somewhere and stand behind you. I am thinking the kissing will be at romantic level and will go away in one second or so. But at that time only those two will passionately roll on the floor and just not stop it. Oh god, terribly embarrassing it will be. And on top of that the parents will ask ki, ‘What movie you are watching?’ As if it is very important now. Boss, I myself am upset right now. While we were kids only they prevented us from seeing all the adult stuff. Next day in school, this guy will come and tell ki how his parents were out of town and how he watched Basic Instinct full movie on Star Movies and all. But when our parents go out of town, all the useless movies they will put. Ok fine, then we were kids and were not ‘supposed’ to see them. Ok. But now? Now we are fully grown proper adults and still they are preventing? Actually, they are not preventing us and all. They are only just standing near you and watching along with you. How to watch, you tell? Now, don’t give lecture ki, if you want adult stuff means you can see it on internet like teenagers. That and all we know. I am asking about proper adult content that can be shown on TV. Now some ‘open-minded’ fellow will be thinking ki, what is there? Why to feel so embarrassed and all? Arey, what to do? You will understand only if your parents also had changed the channels when Carefree advertisement came on air. Or the Nirodh ads. For a long time, I didn’t know itself ki what Nirodh was. Because by the time the guy in the ad said ‘condom’, the parents would have changed the channel. I thought it was ‘Nirodh tonic’ or something. For people like us, this self-censoring is so much in the DNA ki nowadays even when there is no one around and there is a saucy scene on TV, automatically you feel like changing the channel! If you feel brave and bold and strong and resisting the urge to change channel means, the channel guy is putting all the censors in place. Even Titanic they are censoring yaar! That epic scene? Gone! Boss, what is the point if that scene is not shown? No, seriously! Do you realize how upset Kate Winselet will be if she comes to know of this? And best is, even subtitles they are changing! Like they are changing ‘shit’ to ‘crap’. Somebody tell me how this is even logical. Children should not watch adult stuff means understandable. But adult stuff itself should not be there or what? That too only when we are adults now! Hell, we can even be parents soon. If I ask this means you will say ki ‘Chee, this fellow is so cheap and desperate’. But before everyone you will only go to the internet secretly and stream amateur videos. Despite all this mega censoring, we are still not able to watch the TV in the presence of parents. Ok. Fine. We don’t want to be embarrassed in front of parents by watching movies. You switch on news channel means there only Poonam Pandey is standing there in bikini flashing her..teeth at you. On Prime Time National Television. Arey! What the hell do they want us to do man? You throw the remote in frustration means immediately the parents are grabbing the remote and putting on some devotional channel. Oh god. Boss how many hours in the day will they show devotional stuff on TV yaar? Devotional stuff also I can understand. Chalo, peace of mind for parents. Ok, accepted. One fellow is doing yoga 24 hours on TV! Mad or what?
Thinking about all this itself is such a traumatic experience. You still want to switch on that TV when your parents are around?
								

									See, we were all very happy and nice people only. Basically, we were killing each other but nobody was bothered anyway. Then suddenly the British fellows landed and saw ki, arey, these barbarians are killing each other. We must stop them. We must only kill them.
So thinking like this, they happily parked their ships and came inside. Our people thought ki they were selling Fair and Lovely cream and said ‘Please come please come’. Suddenly those fellows are showing their guns! Arey! Then we put one compromise and said ‘Ok ok, don’t shoot, now take that land and put factory there.’
Then they did lot of nonsense things to India (that and all is not important now). They suddenly realised ki they can make more money out of BBC documentaries about India than actually staying here. So these fellows left and immediately told the BBC only one word. BBC used this word and made unimaginable incomes for Her Majesty. That word was ‘Malaria’.
Arey British fellows, when you leave you can leave simply no? You idiots left behind some stupid practices that are torturing us day in and day out.
Then what man? For centuries we are comfortably looking at the Sun and doing our jobs. Suddenly you came here and told ki, ‘From today, 1 day = 24 hours = 1440 minutes = 86400 seconds. Ok?’
We didn’t want to be rude and as always, we shook our head and said ‘Oh that aa, that we already know’ and then went away. And then forgot about it. How can we remember such stupid division of time? Why else you think the whole world is complaining ki ‘Indians are never on time, Indians are never on time’.
Boss, for centuries, we are living a normal life and we are respecting the power and awe and beauty of Time. Suddenly you want to take all of Time and compress it inside your watch means how it will work? For us it always between two events in time. Between sunrise and noon. Between noon and sunset.
In your country people are unemployed means you are sitting and putting 60 lines inside the dial. And then to make use of it, you will come and say ‘Let us meet at exactly 5.43 this evening’ means we should obey is it? Not possible. We have thousand and one tasks on hand. We can’t change our biological clock for you and all.
One small island sitting in some nonsense part of the world and commanding everybody else ki, ‘We are the standard timekeepers called GMT. Your time will be plus or minus our time. Ok?’. That and all we can’t listen. We cannot run to your tick-tocks. We have our own concept of time. And we will do things slowly only.
If I am not able to do anything, my children will fulfil it for me. That’s all! Anyhow half the children in this country are saying they are fulfilling their parents’ wishes. Arey what is the hurry, boss? Why you want to finish everything in this birth itself?
If we are not able to complete anything this birth means, we will do it the next birth! That’s all! Anyway so many births are there.
What you are going to achieve running against the time? However early you leave the stupid traffic is the same only. That again you British fellows’ fault only.
We were happily moving about in the roads. Suddenly you are putting the lanes and traffic lights and asking us to obey means who will obey? That is why, even if there is red signal we are still happily roaming around in the road as if nothing happened. And then you will say ‘Indians have no road sense at all!’
Boss, you don’t tell us ok? We had roads before you itself. But we had bullock carts and those animals are color blind. You put coloured traffic lights in front of them means how they will obey the lights yaar? So we were like, ‘Screw it. Let the lights be there for formality. Come let us go. Hai drrrr….’
And we are doing totally fine! For that also your BBC fellows will say ‘There is a method to the madness in this country’. Some nonsense you are talking. Anyway.
The bottom line is you came here and screwed us all. See what you did to our education? Some nonsense concept you introduced and all the beautiful artistic people like jeweller, carpenter, singer, dancer, weaver, farmer all want their children to study engineering. Arey!
Like this only you screwed our economy, resources and destroyed and looted everything that came in your way and went off. See where we are right now? All because of you British fellows only.
But what our forefather fellows were doing all this while only I never understood?
								

									My best friend Guru was going to break the glass and jump out of the Cafe Coffee Day building. I almost let him do it.
Why because I will also do the same. You also want to do the same thing I know.
Then what man? Whenever and wherever you go, people are asking only one thing. When you are getting married, when you are getting married. Arey! Getting married is the sole purpose of having born in this planet, is it? And if we tell the age means, the reaction is even stupid. ‘Oh you are so old and you are not married yet? Why? Any problem you have?’ like that you are asking. You are reacting as if he is having some terminal illness like cancer or AIDS. Any problem YOU have? I want to ask.
Especially the parents people. They are giving so many warning sounds like ‘Every day you waste, your chance of getting married becomes less and less. You have to do certain things in certain age’. Arey, what is this?
You are talking as if we are some bananas that should be eaten at the right time! If we delay means our skin will turn black and peel off or something, like that you are speaking and scaring?
Especially the poor fellows working in other countries. If one fellow is coming from the abroad on holiday to India means there are only two reasons. First reason is ‘Property Registration’ in the suburban area and the second is a guided tour of visiting potential life partner.
My god, within 5 days you want to see 10 people and choose one and immediately seal the deal! Boss, even credit card takes 21 working days to reach home. You want to fix marriage in 5 days?
You know what is the best joke? If you reject the first one means, the parents will put one scene no, uff. Too much. Like as if you have committed one blasphemy they will react. ‘If you do like this means you will never get married. You must not have such high expectations. You have to be realistic.’ and what and all advice they give! They want to finish off their responsibilities, like that they are saying.
I agree yaar, ki, they have worked all their life and now they want to relax and live with no tension and all. We also want to see our parents enjoy retired life. But for that why they want to put so much blackmail only I don’t understand.
You are putting so much drama and telling, ‘Father is getting old and his health problems are also there. What if “something happens to him” without seeing your marriage?’. Like this and all you will say means what to do?
This is like saying ‘If you don’t kill yourself now, I will die. Now you choose what you want to do’.
The kids are not saying they will not marry, no? They are only saying ki, they will marry when they are ready to spend the rest of their lives with one person. What is wrong in asking for more time? And then you are asking, how much time you want? 1 month? 2 months? Arey!
Best is the married friends. These fellows will not keep quiet, ok? See, already he is having so much complications because he got married. He has to put his child to school next year, already paying the home loan, personal loan, credit card bill and car loan and in short, leading a shitty life.
On top of that he will come to the house and say ki ‘When you are going to put wedding food man? Aunty, why your son is not getting married? If you delay like this means that’s all’, like that he will light fire and go away. Bloody fellow. Why he is coming to the house only I never understand.
Best comedy is, if you keep delaying, parents will keep relaxing their conditions. First they will put condition ki only arranged marriage you should do. Then after some years they will agree ki they will allow love marriage but only within the same community. And then after few more years, total relaxation, ‘Boss, you bring some person, we will get you married. Just bring someone, ok?’
Arey! When we are having high school and college crush you will shout at us and totally prevent from making even one landline call to that girl’s house. Now you are saying bring anyone, but just get married.
Every person will automatically know when they are ready for marriage. If someone is getting old and not getting married means society will think bad it seems. Who is that society? Bring that fellow here. We will talk to him. Or her. Whether they have any logic behind age and marriage I want to understand. Who decides who is young and who is old?
Boss, we are all human beings yaar. We are having something that no other living thing has. We are having something called soul. This body only will become old. How young the soul inside is, that only matters. 
 
								

									(Inspiration - Mary Schmidt/Baz Luhrmann and Sidin Vadukut)
Ladies and gentlemen of the world of 2012, watch cartoons.
If I could offer you only one tip for this year means, cartoons would be it. The long term benefits and scientists’ proof and all you don’t worry about, just watch means watch. Whereas as the rest of my message for you this New Year has no basis more reliable than my own non-existent experience…I will dispense this advice now.Enjoy the power and beauty of your two-wheeler; oh never mind. You will not understand the power and beauty of your two wheeler until you buy a car and get stuck in traffic. When you buy a car in five years, then only you will understand ki how comfortable your bike was and how many cops you cheated and how much petrol you saved back then…Two wheelers are not as bad as you imagine.Don’t worry about the March 31 year end targets or worry, knowing ki all year end targets culminate on April Fools’ Day. The real troubles in your life will be from the fact that you are wearing one stinking pair of socks for at least 9 hours every day or the fact that you are not taking bath on a lazy Sunday.Do a sales job at least once in your career.Jump.Don’t leave nasty comments in other people’s walls and blogs. Don’t publish dirty comments that other people leave on your blogs.Swim.Don’t expect people to like every thing you say on social websites. Sometimes you are liked many times, sometimes nobody will even read your status update…the race is long and in the end, the status update is only a way of talking to yourself.Remember to wish people on their birthdays outside Facebook, ignore the people who don’t wish you on yours. If you succeed in doing this, tell me how.Keep your Reynolds pen cap safe, throw away your torn socks.Tweet.Don’t feel guilty if you don’t know how to use macros in Microsoft Excel…the most well-paid analysts I know hardly excel in anything else. Some of the most well-paid guys I know cannot even rename a sheet in Excel.Get plenty of hard disk space for your computer.Be kind to your computer. You will miss it when it crashes and lose all your pictures when you have to format your hard-disk.Maybe you eat non-veg food, maybe you don’t, maybe you eat only egg, may be you don’t, maybe you’ll be a vegetarian and still eat chicken, maybe you eat chicken only when consuming alcohol..whatever you do, don’t laugh at the person doing the thing opposite of what you do - you are lying to your parents, so is everybody else.Enjoy travelling by train. Use it every time you can. Don’t travel in AC coaches just because the company is paying for it. Travel in sleeper class with windows open. It’s the greatest way to have fun.Kiss. Even if you are single, find someone or something to kiss. But don’t do it in public places.Look at the traffic signal, even if you don’t obey it.DO NOT watch news channels. They will only make you angry.Get to know your current mobile phone. You never know when it will be gone for good.Be nice to your colleagues. They only will cover up for you if you are lying to your boss and taking fake sick-leave.Understand that neighbours come and go, but there are a precious few you must always annoy. Work hard to find out that neighbour girl’s phone number, because the more you delay, the more the possibility of her boyfriend dropping her off outside your apartment right before your eyes.Live in south India once, but leave before you forget how to drive a car. Live in north India once, but leave before you forget how to drive.Travel.Accept certain inalienable truths. iPhone 4S will become old in a few months. You must never change your iPhone ringtone from its default Marimba tune. Metro rail system will never reduce traffic on the roads. You will never find a young Air India air hostess. An on-site job is NOT the end of the world. Respect the people who have never seen the First World.Respect the south Indians for their filter coffee. Don’t expect the TV to show good programs all the time. Put it on mute when advertisements are on.Don’t put cat pictures on your profile.Be careful whose blog you read, but, appreciate those who blog. Blogging is a form of yoga, where you do abnormal things just to keep you normal.But trust me on the cartoons.
								

									Boss, what 100 days 100 days? I don’t understand. We have seen so many centuries ok? We celebrate every time 100 is reached. So this time also we will celebrate. Agreed boss, Manipur has faced ONE HUNDRED days of economic blockade. So what?
After all it is in some stupid corner of the country that sends only 2 MPs to Parliament. For that what you expect? That the entire government will run to help is it? Silly fellow. How many MPs in the Parliament, that much only value they get.
See, these Nagas and Kukis are having some old family problems. The Kuki people are asking ki boss, we are majority in Sadar Hills in Manipur, so you create one separate district for us. Otherwise we will put economic blockade in the state. Like that they said and blocked the National Highway. Then the state government agreed and suddenly the Naga fellows said ki, boss if you put separate district means, we will block the highway!
Arey! You have a fight means, you go and kill each other somewhere else yaar, why you are blocking our economy? Like that the rest of the Manipuris are asking.
See these Manipuri fellows are also crazy fellows ok. For so many years they are asking only. If nobody is listening to them anyway, why they keep on asking I don’t understand. That lady Irom Sharmila, like one silly woman, she is fasting for so many years to remove the AFSPA. Anything happened? No na? Then why they keep asking?
The Manipuri women tried walking without dress also because Army people are raping them. You remember? All the press people took the photographs and then they printed it all over the place and all. And then nothing happened. 
Then why these Manipuris are expecting something to happen this time also? Boss, the Central government is too busy ok? Just now the scandal drama and all stopped and Anna Hazare is silent and Prime Minister has gone underground for a few days. Again you want to call him and solve this means how he will do?
Arey, ok, petrol is costing Rs. 200 per litre in Manipur. Fine. Agreed. But what to do? The government is busy talking to Mamata Banerjee na! She is blackmailing the government because petrol price was increased by ONE rupee yesterday. Now you itself tell, which is more important? Then how can government focus on Manipur yaar? It also has other things to do no? Like staying in government etc etc.
This is not new for any government no? Some fellow will keep asking for separate state or separate district. They will put bandh and all. You remember the Gurjar caste people who wanted Scheduled Tribe status? Government is too experienced in tackling such issues. You should leave it to them and not write silly blog posts.
Anyway why they are agitating no one is bothered. Arey, they want better jobs, not poverty, better standards of living etc. Our country famous policy is if you put violence means they will listen. So only instead of asking for these things directly, they are putting all the blockade and bandh and doing all the other nonsense things. But government is thinking ki we will happily pass one bill and then go and tell ki, ‘We have met the demands of the people, please vote please vote’.
See, these things will keep happening. We only should look the other way and pretend nothing is happening. Better these Northeast people get out of their state and go to other states. We also need some entertainment no? We can pass nice comments at them.
Anyway, tomorrow we will be meeting these Manipuri people and calling them Nepalis. Or Chinkis. Why we should care?
								

									Everybody is affected by these fellows. Wherever you go these guys are there. Arey, if they are at least good you can look at them, but you can easily count the number of good ones using one finger itself. These bad advertisements when I see them no, I simply want to kill the guy who created it.Boss either you be like Doordarshan ads. Say something and go away. At least don’t put scene. Or you create better advertisements. Don’t try to come and tell bull shit to us ok? We can easily find out.What you are saying? If the man puts the deodorant and goes means all the girls will drop their clothes and run behind him is it? What nonsense concept is this yaar? Have you seen this happen anywhere in this world? Then how you expect it to happen in a conservative and traditional and deeply cultured country like India, I don’t understand. Ridiculous fellow.How much story you are telling? Some girls will come out of the sea, some girls will fall from the sky and some girls even come and bite the men is it? Best is, you are telling ki if I put the deodorant means even neighbour girl will take off her dress in the smell. Bloody, if I put that deodorant means, even I myself cannot smell it after 10 seconds, where will neighbour girl smell it?Also, there is no neighbour girl concept in this world. That you know? Has there ever been a single eligible neighbour girl living next door to a single eligible neighbour guy? Whose ears you are trying to keep flowers?But still, men are trying only. Just in case. Who wants to miss the opportunity yaar?Hello ladies, you too. Don’t just laugh at men for this. How many times you are believing the ad and putting the Clearasil and Fair and Lovely and all the other one million items on your skin and hair? Has anything changed even one bit? No!Forget the deodorants, even the car fellows are worst. Boss you car guys have lot of money yaar! Why can’t you make some nice ads? You have brought in so much money from Korea but still you can’t create one good ad is it? All your ads are absolute nonsense crap. We are only seeing Shahrukh Khan open his arms and smile as if KKR is winning the IPL. But what you are trying to tell nobody understands.You want one strategy to increase your sales using advertisement? I will give one advice. Don’t give any advertisement. Seeing your ad, even people who want to buy your car will run away.You remember that chocolate ad in the 90s? One fellow will hit six and his girl friend will dodge the policeman and dance in the ground like a small girl? Ad means it should be like that. It shows one happy moment which is a simple pleasure of life. Simple and nice ad.Instead why you want to confuse everybody including yourself? You keep on asking ‘Have I made it large?’ ‘Have I made it large?’! If you itself don’t know means how others will know? Boss first of all you tell what product you are selling?  How such stupid ads are getting approval itself I don’t understand!I can only think of one explanation only for all of this: The ad guy must be some fellow from B-School with initials in its name. Ditto for the client guy. Both these fellows are smoking up some banned substance. One fellow says some nonsense concept for ad. The other fellow thinks it is brilliant. That’s all.What you think of us? That we will watch whatever you put is it?But we are watching only. What to do? That only is the problem.
								

									Boss, how long you are going to live? In such a short time, why you want to restrict yourself and not eat any of the awesome junk food? First of all you tell me who is that idiot who named it junk food? You know what junk means right? So you are saying that everything they put in that dish has been collected from the dustbin or what? 
Arey the ‘junk food’ consists of the same items you put in normal food. Then why this hatred? You know how awesome junk food is? I will tell you. 
Imagine you are forgetting to take your Tupperware lunch one day. What you will do? You will be going to eat at the cafeteria right? 
See, it is universal fact that all the cafeteria ‘chefs’ were construction workers in their earlier jobs. Arey they put sand, cement, stones and water in that concrete mixer na, like that the idiot chef will simply mix some two vegetables and make one dish that even a baby that is going to be born will puke. This guy will be giving regular ‘homely’ food.
Next counter guy will be preparing the awesome junk food. He will be cutting the onions right in front your eyes with his clean hands and sprinkling them over the pav-bhaji and serving you hot. Now you tell me, which will give you more satisfaction?
That also you leave, imagine what will happen to all the ladies if they don’t eat pani puri? My god! Even if they are going to get married in 10 minutes, they will park their Scooty in the side of the road and order one plate pani puri. 
When they open their mouth wiiiiide and push that big puri with stuffed masala inside, they will forget the entire world around them, including that little fellow who is doing one-bathroom nearby. When they are biting that pani puri and the taste of the salty water mixes with the potato and hits their brain, at that moment, even if you ask them to marry you, they will say yes. 
Best is when eating the samosa. The dance the people will do when they are suddenly biting that hot samosa no, hahaha, soo funny it will be. They don’t want to spit the hot potato masala, but at the same time they can’t bear the heat also. Too good it will be to see. 
Or when they are biting that chilli bajji at the beach, they will also ask for chilly chutney as side dish. Their bravery should be saluted only. On top of all this, some idiots are saying ki Indians are meek people. Silly fellows.
Now one thing you itself tell. Why you think there are so many north Indian fellows at sandwich shops? Already they are undergoing some punishment at home in the form of tasteless food. That’s why they are coming and telling the guy ki ‘Boss, one chilli cheese, double spice, ok? Put extra chilli chutney’. Poor fellows.
Boss, eat junk food and be happy. Imagine what will happen if you are not eating junk food? All the fast food guys will close their shops (demand-supply economics problem). Then suddenly there will be price rise. One plate samosa will suddenly cost one hundred ‘bucks’ and in addition to your monthly 3G plan you have to add one samosa plan also. And you have to eat ‘Ghee rice (dal extra) Frankies’ or ‘Curd rice tikka’. 
If there is no junk food, people will not be so happy. If they are not happy, their productivity will go down. Then economy will go into recession. Again. Then people will not want to have babies. Then our population will come down. If there is no population, who will protect our rich cultural heritage and all?
You need all this or what? Better nip it in the bud itself.
								

									Excuse me busy fellow, but why you want to put so much scene? Whenever your friends suggest to do something fun, then only you will have all sorts of work in this world. ‘Oh no, there is so much to do. I have to read, send a report, email this, print that, go to hell and come back by tomorrow morning..’ . Some nonsense reason you will give. 
One time two times is ok, always some stupid reason you give? You say you are busy with this, busy with that, but somehow you will find all the time in the world to update status messages, including your bloody latitude and longitude, in all the social networking websites. And still you act as if the whole earth is rotating on your head.
In school days only you put all the scene in the world in front the girls. (The girls bloody didn’t even look at you, that is a different story.) You were sitting under the tree with a book, even in PT period when other boys were playing hand cricket. God knows what you were studying, because you were anyway getting the same 70% marks in all the subjects.
Even today you repeat the same thing. Anyone calls you means you will not attend the call. And then after 2 days like one lord, you will call back and say ‘Sorry man, I was in a meeting that day.’ They will also reply as if nothing has happened ‘Hehe, no problem re, just called you just like that.’ 
See if you don’t want to anyone to disturb you in chat means, don’t login itself na! Or login under ‘Invisible mode’. Why you want to put “DO NOT DISTURB” as the status man? This is heights of scene. You want to show off in front of everybody that you are the only one doing work and other fellows with green dot are all jobless fools is it? Nonsense.
And worst is the other guys who always have the red dot. You are always busy is it? Who you are trying to fool? First of all, you should not login to chat itself in office, that you know? On top of that you will exhibit all sorts of stupid behaviour.
Oh and in the office the kind of scene you put. Uff man. If you stare seriously into the monitor means, nobody will know is it? Boss, everybody in this world knows you are playing Freecell. That is the only game in the world that will make you look like you are performing some complex integral calculus problems. 
Either you do that or you do the other extreme. See, you are in a desk job. Why you always get up and move here and there with sleeves rolled up and pencil behind the ears? People will look at you and go, ‘Man, he is so busy. Such a hard worker’. No? Whenever somebody wants to talk to you, you act as if you are the CEO and immediately tell, ‘Oh, I have a meeting in 5 minutes. Can you please send me a calendar invite for next Wednesday? I am fully booked till then.’
I have one doubt. If you are always in meeting means when you will do your work?
Besides, what meeting meeting? Two people go into the conference room and talk means it is a meeting is it? Two people talking means it is a conversation. Three people only is a meeting. I know what you will discuss in the conference room. ‘Arey, this room is so much better. The AC outside is so bad. Let us stay here for a while.’ All the others outside will think ki you are discussing some mind blowing strategy that will change the history of the company.
Why you want to act like the CEO of the company? Even the CEO is roaming around casually, as if he is jobless. He is looking at you and wondering what so much work you have, he himself cannot understand.
Next time I see you show off, I will ask you questions such that you will want to pluck your tongue and die off. Or even better, I myself will pluck your tongue.
								

									Maths. Physics. Chemistry. Biology. Computer Science, especially BASIC, COBOL, FORTRAN and all the other nonsense you studied. Are you using any of these subjects in your real life? No na? You tell me one time, just one time where you have used trigonometry after the board exam?
Arey, in the school only the teacher was killing us. Now you also started. If you are not using any other subject from school in real life means, why history alone you are clinging on to it like a baby monkey? 
Agreed boss, history is important for us to remember and all. But why so much importance you are giving to previous centuries I don’t understand. 
Best is the political fellows. Suddenly they will remember some chapter in history and they will say ki “Arey! This is not the ‘original’ name of the place! First let me change it back to its historic name.” Mental or what?
Along with history only they taught us Civics. Come on tell me the Preamble of the Constitution? What? Constitution has a Preamble? Like that you will ask.
Historically, we are monkeys. Then walking around naked. Then doing unmentionable things in the public places. Then only farming business. You want to go back and do any of these things? No na? Then?
What you think? All our forefathers were concerned by the history or what? They didn’t think like that and all.  If they thought like that means why they invented clothes? We can still wear leaves na? That only is our “historic” dress right? (I know what you are thinking. No no, without any dress, it will uncomfortable in front the opposite gender people.)
Boss, they didn’t think about the future only. If they thought about future means why they put dirty sculptures in the temples? Didn’t they know that in the future kids will come and look at them and ask nonsense questions to their mothers? If they thought about future means why they put that hole in the ozone? If they didn’t think about future, why we should think about their history I ask?
“Ashoka planted trees all along the road”…still you are reading this and getting fooled? History means starts with Ashoka The GREAT (?!) and ends in 1947 is it? Who will read 1947 to 2011? Bloody.
Boss, read history, nothing wrong. But use it to study IAS (Mains) exam. Get good marks and get settled in life. And let others live peacefully.
Why you want to take that history book and tie yourself around with it only I am not getting. If you keep doing only what is there in the history books, how you will enter the history books? Bloody you are interested in everybody else creating history, but you don’t want to create anything is it? Sachin creates history, scientists create history, Anna Hazare creates history…all nonsense gossip stories you will sit and talk. But you will not go out and do one thing that is different from others.
Instead, you are coming and preaching about “good old days” nonsense to all of us here and ask us lay eggs reading history. You are living in the present means live according to present times. That’s all.
“Historically we are this,  historically we are that” what kind of nonsense is this? Historically we  are all amoeba, you know that? So you will crawl on the roads like  amoeba is it?
See even the United Nations itself given warning to all of us. They went and told Bolivia ki, boss, historically you may have chewed the cocain-leaves as tradition, but now we are telling you ki it is illegal. Don’t ask why illegal and all. If you want means stay, else go out. To hell with your tradition.
UN itself telling. Better you pay attention. Otherwise you will become history.
								

									What sort of a neighbour are you? You only. On one hand you are talking freedom of expression, right to do this and that, but on the other hand you are not allowing the kids to play cricket with other kids in the apartment means what is this logic? Where the kids will go? In their playing area, you have put up parking lots with numbers. Then? The kids have to break glasses only. No choice.
See boss, your father had some issues with your neighbour means, you will shout at the kids also is it? What wrong they did yaar? Let them play as they want.
Arey, the world is overtaking us and running like a mad dog in Indian summer. Still you are saying ki people from such and such area are bad, that locality kids are all evil fellows, is it? Still you are asking your kids “What play is needed with those kids?”. Arey! Wake up man. Let them talk to those kids, play with them. Then only they will understand ki what the real world is made of. Besides, you yourself know, there only beautiful girls are there. Here…
Boss, your house, you have to be proud, agreed. For that you don’t have to go around all the houses and shout, “My house only awesome, my house only best” etc, ok? Keep that feeling to yourself inside your house. Outside, give respect take respect.
By the way, what you are best? You anyway are not cleaning your house itself. You are outsourcing it to housemaid. If at all you clean, only the hall is clean. Once you go inside the bedroom means you will know. How much clothes you are stuffing in that cupboard and locking it nicely. Open it once and all the clothes will fall off like waterfall. Once in a while you will put naphthalene balls in between the clothes means, that’s all is it? When will the actual cleaning happen boss?!
And anyway, still you are stealing food from the fridge in your own house in the nights only! And best is you have some standard people to put the blame on. If something goes wrong or something is missing means immediately you are blaming the housemaid only. “I think it is the maid. She only will do such things..”, like that you are saying. 
Some good thing happening in your neighbour’s house means take part in it. Don’t simply close the door and watch TV. You will only miss the wonderful food they are cooking. If they are in trouble means try to help. Instead, you also don’t shout at them like one lord, ok? Now only the apartment secretary will come and say ki “Boss, your behaviour is unacceptable. You are bringing and talking to people we don’t like. We are going to impose sanctions on you. You have not paid maintenance fees also, we will cut off the water supply”. Don’t join chorus music with him. Use your brains from time to time and do what is right.
How many years you are going to live? In those years, why you want to behave like this? Boss, money will come today, go tomorrow. This house that you live in no, you think it will still be like this 500 years from now?
How old is your house? Before you built this house you know what it was? And 500 years before that? It would have been some beautiful farmland. Or some dry forest that no one would have even wanted to stop on the way and do one bathroom, who knows?
Suddenly real estate became valuable now means don’t think it will be like this forever. You think this boundary wall will be the same 500 years from now? If you still say yes means, better you consult a doctor.
So go out and be a good tenant. Ask your grandparents. They have lived in bigger house. It just was not called India at that time.
Now multiply this by one billion.
Happy Independence Day.
								

									All you publicly married and secretly register-marriaged people, leave the single guys alone man. Arey one single guy how many people will make fun yaar? 
Have you ever been single in your life? Life is hell only. Especially when that single guy is having married friends or friends in relationships, that’s all. His life is finished. The things that person has to go through, oh god! He is single because he wants to enjoy life for a few more days ok? But now only the entire world will take revenge on him. And I am not talking about single people with girl friend or boy friend. (That is another torture story.)
I am talking about normal single people who like to live life with themselves and not with their cell-phones. Occasional flirting is allowed ok? But the torture story is a national conspiracy only. 
It all starts with Indian Railways man. None of you guys are allowing that poor single fellow to sleep in the lower berth. Not even one time! 
“Excuse me, ladies is there, can you please move to the upper berth? Thank you”, “Excuse me, you are alone? My father is heart patient, can you please sleep in his upper berth?” you are showing all your teeth and asking. And you know what is the best thing? If that fellow says no means, because it is his berth and he has every right to say no, all you other morons are immediately jumping and talking as if one crime has been committed.
Arey! What nonsense man! Bloody railways, in the history of billion train journeys in India, not even one single time you are putting a single guy and a single girl in the same compartment! Never. How much ever you go through that passenger list outside the train, no chance. No way. All above 40 years only. I don’t know how Railways is doing it man. I think there is some special software for that.
People go to movies to watch and enjoy quietly ok? Some single people like it like that. There only you will come with your whole extended family and sit in the same row. And bloody you will keep moving in and out to buy popcorn and puff and don’t let the single person watch in peace. Movie interval means compulsorily you have to eat is it? In between important scene only your wife will sssshhhh your baby. Boss, when you’re coming to movies leave the brat babies at home yaar! See baby only is cute. Baby poop is not cute even to you ok?
Best is what you know? You folks will call your single friends for shopping. Uff, there is nothing like that hell man. You will see one shirt, immediately you will call your spouse (or someone like that) and describe it over phone. And then that person will ask the price. You will tell. Then they will say it is too costly. Then you will start bargaining with them and try to convince them. Boss, then why the hell did you bring the single guy to shopping with you yaar? 
Ever tried going to a restaurant alone and eat? That idiot manager will not even care to look at you if you are alone. All the other customers will come like one army and the manager will run behind them only. Table after table will become empty but people who are coming after you will get seats and you will be standing like a waiter. 
Even if you go with married friends, the scene they put, oh. They will drink the same tomato soup (one by two), share their dishes, feed each other, drink the same milk-shake. That idiot will also sip your drink and generously offer to his partner “Mmm. It’s nice. Try it.” As if it’s his drink! Boss! That I should give. 
In the pubs and bars, I don’t even have to say it. Single? Then you have to pay so much cover charges that everyone in the country can drink for free in your money. Over drinks, single people want to check out other attractive people in the room ok? That time only you will come and discuss problems about your in-laws and all. Why don’t you understand ki nobody, NOBODY wants to hear about your fights with your in-laws yaar? Not while at the bar.
I think you are taking revenge on the single people because they are the only happy people and you are jealous of that. Mentals.
								

									“See, we are all middle class people. Education only is your property. We do not have much money and all. Study properly and get into a good job. Father and I both wanted good education. We only didn’t get, at least we want you to study well and shine.”
If mother is doing blackmail like this means, what else I can do? See I know ki I also have dreams. Yes boss, I want to play cricket for India, it is a big dream for me. But think practically. Life is not a game ok? I have to have good “education” first.
So I took science group. Arey how can I go and tell ki, “No no, I want to take commerce group”? I am not from Delhi man! Then mother is pointing to that stupid good-for-nothing secretly-adult-movie-watching cousin and saying, “He is also in the same class, no? Then how come he always scores more than you?”
That he himself does not know. I am also studying so hard to score “centum” in board exam. One two-mark question I made a mistake that too it was not from the textbook. What I can do for that?
See boss, I told you before, I want to play cricket for India. I also want to play guitar like mad. I want to write books. I want to take photography. Arey I thought ki, I can do all this once I join engineering college. I can be professionally qualified and side-by-side I can do what I always wanted to do. I thought ki, once I start playing well in the college team, slowly I can make it to the national team. Once I join the college, I will have all the time in the world to play.
Best is the engineering college. They didn’t have any cricket team itself! How the hell was I supposed to know that? They only told ki they have 100-acre campus with excellent facilities and 100% placement record and all. Now they are asking us to do Paper Presentation all the time! For 3 years I didn’t understand itself what that means. Industrial visits, unit tests, pre-model, model exams are there and life is very busy in engineering college.
Everybody is running like a mad dog. We are all middle-class people only. My parents have taken so much loan for the studies. “In front of relatives, you have to come up in life and show them”, mother is always saying. So I decided ki life is definitely not a game. Passion and all ok, but I also have to run. Once I finish professional course, I can do what I want, nobody can question me then na?
Boss, in today’s world anybody can become engineer ok? How can I stop with only one degree yaar? See let me be very honest. I am very patriotic. I don’t want to go to US and all. So I am doing MBA here itself. What is there? Everybody is saying ki MBA with science background is a very very rare combination. If I have such strong degrees as backup, I can boldly try out new things. I can even start playing guitar after finishing B-School. I will be able to apply my management skills and even find an good investor for my albums no?
What you are saying? Campus recruitment is going on. Everybody is attending it! How can I not attend these interviews man? Starting salary itself is in six-digits! This is a golden opportunity for people like us in the middle-class to come out of the rat-race! Once I earn for two years, I would have closed all my loans and I can write or sing or dance or do whatever I like. It is my life and who will stop me then?
Boss, what I told before and all forget. Now home loan is also there (it provides solid tax benefits man!), if I say I want to quit job means my mother will go mad, especially when I am about to get married. This is the time to earn ok? If I think of enjoying now and doing what I like means later on I only have to suffer in life. What to do? We are all middle class people. We have to be happy with what we have.
See I only am not able to do what I want. But all that I missed I will definitely make my child do it. It is a promise.
 
								

									honker (hôngk-er, hngk-er) n. (1) a person born without brains (2) a complete idiot (3) aliens’ revenge on mankind.
Are you deaf? No seriously. Before you get on the vehicle, you leave your brains outside is it? What is the reason for your honking? You think that once you honk, all the vehicles in front of you will vanish is it?
I don’t know from where you are getting that anger once you get on your vehicle. What you think of yourself in your mind? That you are Moses or what? Everybody should part and give you way is it? Bloody you are not giving way to ambulance itself. Who will give you way?
While starting, honking. While going, honking. While stopping also honking! What the hell, man?
While starting you are checking if horn is working. That is fine. That is the only sensible thing you are doing. After that you completely become mental. Otherwise why the hell do you keep on pressing the horn man?
You think you are a hero if you keep pressing the horn or what? What, you want to put scene in front your girl friend is it?
City speed limit is there. Overtaking limit is there. Lane limit is there. That and all you don’t care. If there is empty space in the road and you are not able to go there means honk. That’s all no? Idiot.
While going forward you are making trouble. While going backwards also you are making trouble! The reversing tune you are using. Uffo. Too much! How many years will you still use “Made in India Made in India” as a reversing tune man? What made in India? Nothing is made in India. Or otherwise you have that Airtel song. Absolutely irritating stuff.
But you know who is the worst kind of honker in this world? That idiot who honks every 2 seconds. Beep. He just cannot live without honking. Beep. This is how his conversation with his wife will be
“Listen no. Beep. What? Beep. Remember that uncle who lived next door? Beep. Yes. Beep. His sister died. Beep. When? Beep. Last night in her sleep. Beep. Nice lady. Beep. RIP. Beep.”
You have no respect for dead people also? You look into the mirror. Beep. Why? You want to honk at the vehicle coming behind you?
Oh and you are not stopping with that. The scene you put when you are nearing a signal. Oh god. Too much overacting. Just now you saw the signal turn from green to orange. What you think? If you just keep honking continuously means, automatically red signal wont fall is it? Nonsense fellow.
And when the signal turns green once again, next second you are back to honking. Wait boss, the vehicles in the front have to go no? The first vehicle is some hundred metres away. If you look at the first vehicle and honk means, he will know is it? He can’t even hear you man.
When you honk like that that, you know how I feel? I want to stop my bike. Then, in sloow motion, I want to turn around, walk over to your car or bike or whatever the piece of shit you are driving. Then, I want to pull you out by your collar while Hans Zimmer plays a background score, adjust your face position so that you look straight into my eyes.
And then I want to punch your nose. In slow motion. Actually, in ultra motion.
								

									Dear English Pundit,
As I am suffering from ‘horrible English’, I kindly request you to go to hell. You are really senseless or you are just acting like this? Don’t you know that English language is constantly changing and that, what you are speaking now will be a joke 50 years from now? Then why the hell are you keep on asking to speak proper English proper English? Whether English is your father’s language? Even if it is, it is not MY father’s language.
First of all define proper English. I can also speak Shakespeare English ok? Come on tell me, “What trade art thou?”. Answer me. You are laughing right? So, what they used 500 years back, you are laughing at it now, then you are saying “His English is horrible man!”. And when exactly did your ‘proper English’ originate? 18th century? 19th century? You have a calendar, I also have one. Not speaking ‘Traditional English’ it seems. Hello sir, “traditionally”, human beings never had a language for many millions of years. Only ‘ba bu bee’ sounds. You want to use that? No na?
Have you read English non-detail in school? If you went to school in India means you will understand what I am saying. If you went in abroad means, then go to hell urgently. First you stop using tissue paper and then I will talk to you. After so many difficulties we are learning the English. In our school they taught us ‘Zed’ and now if I say it loudly means you idiots are laughing and saying “Oh, you mean Zee!”. Mentals.
See already the MS Word is screwing everybody in India by putting the red lines below all spellings. Our school only taught this spelling. Now suddenly Bill Gates and Co are saying the spelling is all wrong. We are scratching our heads and thinking ki what we did wrong and why that red line is coming. On top of that you are also saying the English is bad.
In ‘proper’ English, gay means happy. Whether you are aware of it? I am saying “I am very gay today” and you are rolling and laughing at me, pointing fingers? Have you lost your mind?
‘My’ is also two letters. ‘Ma’ is also two letters. Then why you are saying ‘Ma dog poo-pooed in ma pillow today’? Style eh? You are accepting this but you will not accept my English. You will shout at my English and then suddenly they will add Indian words into the Oxford dictionary and then you will also start using it, right?
If I use complicated words means I have good English, is it? I also know how to make complex sentences ok? All I have to do is to right-click and choose a synonym for every word and then you will be flabbergasted at the harmonised synchronisation of my meta-physical and above-optimal usage of this language that oscillates a tad between its Anglo-Saxonic origin and the Post-Renaissance more Modernistic approach. Then you will also frame my picture and worship me for my English.
Idiot fellow, English is only a language to communicate your thoughts. It takes only 6 weeks to learn any language. Ask Rapidex or Veta. So stop putting scene and start respecting other people. There is nothing superior in speaking ‘better’ English. If I leave you in Siberian desert for one week, what will you bother about? Food or proper sentence formation? Why go to Siberia, even if I leave you in France itself, that’s all. You are finished. You will pronounce ‘R’ in one way and nobody will understand what you are saying.
At that time you will think of me. Don’t worry. I am not like you. I will come to your rescue then.
OK?
Yours Truly
								

									Can’t you sit simply and keep your hands and legs idle? What is your objective in life? To make others jealous? Then why you are simply keep on changing your profile picture? What is the reason? Come on tell me. I want to know the answer.
Agreed boss, you have gone abroad.Your 26th relative uncle is also proud of you. We are also happy only. That is why we even came to airport to say bye and all. But why you are killing us with your pictures?
Ok, I agree ki I have seen that place only in map and you have seen in real life. That’s all no? Every alternate day you are putting one new picture. What you want? You want all of us to press the ‘like’ and say “Wooowwwwww”, is it? Secretly you are monitoring the comments every minute, but like one lord, you will reply only after 4 days saying “Thanks guys!”.
See, that is also acceptable. You have spent so much money and gone there and so you want everybody to appreciate you. Understood. But why you are putting plants and trees and CATS (?!?!) as profile pictures? You have any common sense? Crazy man!
There is one more category. You will put the picture of your baby instead of your picture. I don’t even want to talk about those people.
Best is the ladies. If you convert your picture to black and white means, you suddenly will become good looking is it? People will look at you and think “Wow. Nice!” and send you friend request and all. I only know how you look.
As it is you were doing nothing here. You got married and you went there and again doing nothing only. What is there to be proud of? Every day, evvreee day you are updating on what you are cooking. “Today I made curd rice for my darrrlinggg hubby”.
Really? And that idiot husband will ‘like’ it and publicly kiss you. “Thank you wifey, mmuuaaahh”.
You are from India only no? Don’t you know such things are indecent and doing this in public place is not allowed? If you go out of India means immediately you are forgetting everything.
And then you are putting the pictures of your food. “Yummy!” you will put as title. Who knows how it tasted? Heights is, when some other idiot in some other country asks you for the recipe. Arey goose, you are using internet. Just Google and find out.
Now you tell me, when you were in India, have you cooked like this for ONE day? Your brother is also a gentleman only. Have you cooked like this for him? Hello husband, I am asking you also. When you were here, have you said “Mmmuahh” to your mother because you liked her food?
Of all the monkey pranks that you are playing from “abroad”, worst is when both you and your spouse act like you are always happy 24 hours and 365 days. “Had the best dinner ever at King Cole’s Oriental Palace at the 35th and 16th. Awesome Thai food!”
Just some Thai food only no? Why you need so much scene for that? India is closer to Thailand only.
Boss, in case you didn’t know already, here is the truth. Nobody is happy. How much ever money you earn, you will not be happy. You will only sit on the WC tapping your fingers and think, “Why I came here?”
If I say this truth, immediately you will flash your i-Products at me. For your kind information, iPad2 is also available here, that you know? So shut up and listen to me. Stop making fool of yourself.
Now you are thinking ki I am jealous and so only I am talking like this, no? See, till I also go somewhere and do all such things, I will talk like this only. What you can do?
								

									So I did not give them permission and all. Suddenly they are knocking my door and before I could open it, they all are coming inside complete with all their army and equipments. They build one circle around me and told me ki this was a panel discussion. I asked them where the panel is. One polite fellow with a grey beard tells, “You are the panel. We are here to talk to you.”Then they all said their names and started off.
Rannoy Poy (in a calm, soft voice): Localparty, people have been accusing you of degrading the wonderful language called English. And we thought it is only right that we give you an opportunity to explain yourselves. My media colleagues have been gracious enough to allow me to…Ranab Sogwami: …Mr. Localparty….yes…Mr. Localparty, why did you have to do such a thing to this great nation? Why? Who will answer the billion Indians who are demanding an explanation? One minute…yes, Mr. Localparty.
Me: Boss, I have absolutely no clue about what you are asking ! First of all, you tell me, why you are leaning on the table facing sideways and looking outside the TV? I am seeing six faces on the screen, which face is yours?
Darkha Butt: Isn’t this the bane of the system? In a sense, this whole angst of losing face is so misplaced against this corrupt mechanism that we tend to lose focus of the actual problem that is staring right into our faces threatening us…if the cameraman can pan towards me…yes..thank you…no towards me…yes…threatening to condemn us into poverty pushing us beyond the edge of clear.logical.thinking.? What could be the reason?
Me: Can you repeat your question please? I am getting distracted with your waving hands.You are holding a pen in one hand and waving so much, I am scared ink will fall on my shirt.
Jardeep Rasdesai: E-E-E-E-Is it because you had a bad childhood, localparty, is it because people have a bad childhood that they actually resolve to writing like this? E-E-E-E-In a sense they like to vent their anger by writing like this? On the one hand, you have the-the-the-the…the writing gurus who take offense with anything outside the Oxford dictionary and on the other, you have random people like you who claim credit to…literature.
Me: Wait. First, please pass me a tissue, I want to wipe my face. Next, please say “spit” otherwise you will get mouth ulcer and all. Third, do you know you are saying two completely random things? The second one is not even a question. What should I say?
Jardeep Rasdesai: I was saying is commercial interest becoming more important than actual content? Is advertisement dictating all the content?
Me: Well…
Jardeep Rasdesai: Be-Be-Be-Be-Before you answer that question, let me into slip into a short commercial break. When we come back, we will hear all about this latest sensation called localparty.
-Ad break-
Darkha Butt: Welcome back. Is this a new trend we are seeing in this country today? The sort of, easy way out for young people to escape from reality? To tell us more about it, we are talking to Localparty. Yes, please go ahead.
Me: Oh god, what should I say to keep the camera focused on me?
Ranab Sogwami: What should I say? Why? Why indeed? Why are you saying what should I say? You are answerable to this country. Mr. Localparty….Mr. Localparty…..Mr. Localparty….yes. Mr.Localparty, this country has a right to know!
Me: I am going to go crazy but I am going to say something to shut your mouth. Because it is my choice.
Ranab Sogwami: Why? Why indeed? Should a billion Indians be resigned to the whims and fancies of a single person? Why? Why indeed? Why?
Gasarika Hose: It eeeeez my chaaaaice, says localparty ashefacesthenationtonightonourshow. What do you, the viewer, think about all this? Let’s see what the country has to say…….98 percentofyouthinkwearethebestonair right. now. That’s 98 percent of the country. So localparty, are you happy?
Me: Oh, your lipstick is a little smudged. To the right. No, My right. Yes. A little left. Yes. Oh, your hair….Now it’s fine.
Gasarika Hose: Are you happy now?
Me: Are you going to end this show?
Gasarika Hose: Yayyyyssssss (Yes)
Me: Then I am very happy.
Rannoy Poy (very softly): Please keep up the good work. I wish you many many many. MANY. more interviews like this.
Me: For this, you could have stayed back in your studio itself and recorded yourself. In the English language, one word is there. Narcissism.  Perfect for you all. 
Jardeep Rasdesai: Is this typical of us? Do we always ask questions and never let the panel member answer? Does Indian journalism need a hard rethinking? Is this a wake-up call for us?
Me: Man, you are going to get solidly from me.
I watched all you guys only when I grew up. Even though deep inside I like all you guys (except that fellow who looks out of the TV all the time, I HATE him to the core) every night I want to say bad words to you. It is all your fault only.
								

									You are always treating the thin guy like a patient. You are thinking arey, he is thin only no, he won’t say anything. That is also fine. But one thing only is simply too much. You are looking at the thin person and boldly asking “Oh, why are you so thin?”. Will you say the same thing to a “healthy” person?
Just one time you go and say “Why are you so fat?” to someone. Will you ask? No na? If you say it means I will accept you have guts. Bloody they will hit you in the head only. Then how come you get the guts to say the same to thin people? Making fun of thin guy is ok but making fun of fat guy is not ok is it? What boss? If this is unacceptable, that should also be unacceptable.
The thin guy is giving you so many advantages. When you want to go a movie, you will go in groups only right? Once all the healthy people get inside the auto, then only the thin guy gets inside. All through the journey he is sitting on somebody’s lap and bending his head.
Even if you are going by car, you are never allowing the thin guy to sit in the front. Some big person will sit in the front with nice leg room and all. He will also pull the seat back because he is huge. And then everybody else will climb in the backseat. Lastly, you are taking the thin guy and making him sit in between or on somebody’s lap. On top of that, you are also commenting “Your bones are hurting me”. Who asked you to make him sit on top of you boss? Give one separate seat or you come by auto na! No, no. Listen to me. What the thin guy did to you? Whether he put any sand in your food? Like one idiot, you are saying if you are thin means you are cunning and shrewd and if you are heavy means you are innocent. What nonsense you are talking? 
That thin guy is saying he doesn’t have unwanted fat and he is very healthy, he is having very little risk of many diseases and all. “Eat more, man” you are saying. Do you know that scientifically, eating more will not make someone fat?
Outwardly you are making fun but secretly you are jealous. Then suddenly one time you will ask, “How you are maintaining your body like this? Tell me the secret na?”. Arey! If you want means he is maintaining his body, don’t want means he is looking weak is it? He won’t tell. Go find out yourself, go.
Actually, the thin guy is not going to the gym or doing anything. But what the thin guy can do? He is eating all the protein mixes, going through website after website, reading all the health magazines, but nothing is happening! Boss, all weight training exercise and all ok, but how long he will do that? At some point he also has to see the result na? If he goes to the gym means, he is becoming even more thinner only!
In the gym, one guy will come with six pack who is looking like some hero of some adult movie. He will come and show off his muscles. Everybody will look at that guy and want to become like him, but actually that guy is secretly paid by the gym just to give everybody a complex. All he is seeing in the gym is the ladies exercising with full focus because they are going to marry soon.
For slimming, so many options are there. Sauna belt with door delivery is there, then slimming tea is there, tummy tucker dress is there, Kellogs special package is also there and on top of everything so many diet centres are there. For weight gaining, what is there? If you ask the dietician means she is scratching her head. She herself is undergoing weight loss program, then how she will advise on becoming fat?
Over-weight people want to become thin. Thin people want to become fat. I don’t know where this will stop.
								

									All you non-vegetarians and non-veg eating vegetarians, what you are doing is simply too much. Why you are joking about vegetarians? You want means you eat hen, cow, pig, goat and all. Why you are simply asking vegetarians “Why you are not eating the animals?” Arey, I know ki, if you eat the animals you will not die. But that is not the point. If you eat the animal, the animal is dying no? Why you don’t understand this logic?
Without understanding this, simply you are coming and showing all the dead animals to the vegetarians, making them to vomit. Whether you will clean the vomit? Tell me. You are coming and telling, the animal is already dead, then why it matters who eats it? Arey it is dead only, but why you are doing such things I want to know. 
Then you are teasing them, putting the non-veg in their plates, saying their food touched chicken, it kissed the mutton and all. You want to transfer the sins or what? 
Then you are bringing one full fish with all decorations in the table. That fish is staring at everybody. It is looking as if it expecting someone to save it. When you are opening its stomach, it is opening its mouth. And the smell it gives, uff. Too much. You like the smell? Then why you are using deodorant and all? Simply put one fish in your pocket and go to office. Will you do like that?
If a vegetarian wants to eat egg means, immediately you are ganging against that person. You are asking ki if you are eating egg, then why you don’t eat chicken. What nonsense you are speaking? Whether you know the meaning of eggitarian? If you don’t know means shut up.
You are eating animals no? Why you eat only meek animals like goat, cow, deer and all? Whether you will eat dog and cat? Tomorrow go to shop and ask for 1 kilo country breed dog. You can’t no? This is also like that only.
That vegetarian fellow is saying, when you are cutting the goat it is releasing lot of adrenaline. If you eat such meat means it is bad for health. So he is not eating. But you are saying it is proteins and health and all? He is already drinking milk and eating dal for proteins.
And then you are making fun for drinking milk. You are saying, “go drink milk, go”. You are secretly drinking milk in the night and here you are coming and putting scene. Whether you have common sense?
For you only you have ordered all the chicken. Then you are digging your hand in the Gobi Manchurian also. You want to eat both the dishes. You are then laughing and showing your teeth and daring to make counter-attack. If they make counter-attack, you are laughing and secretly crying inside, because your chicken is gone.
I think you are having some psychological problems. Better consult a doctor.
								

									This Gaddafi fellow is there no? He is a useless character. He is not going only. He is ruling for 42 years. People are telling him, “Arey baba, you have ruled for so long, now you go away”. He is telling no, why suddenly you want me to go?All because of that stupid people in Tunisia. See, they want to change their leader. They can change and be quiet na? They are spreading the revolution to Egypt. There only the problem started. The Mubarak started beating his own people with stones. I mean he did not throw stones himself and all, but his supporters did all the things. The western world is facing issue like one scorpion stung thief. They are telling Mubarak ho mubarak, your people want you to retire, so please go. He tried many stunts. In between this Al-Jazeera channel also put up camera everywhere like local garment store and clearly showed the reality. Ultimately he escaped with his family to one resort. There he liked the massage or something I don’t know but he said ki, “Boss, this place is too good. I am quitting and settling here.” So everybody was happy?But no, not the Libyans. They are turning left, Tunisians are making crazy noise, saying something called democracy. They are turning right, the Egyptians are clapping their hands. Till now America is saying words like restraint, democracy and other things like that. So Libyans ne socha ki, chalo, we will also try our best. If we win, we will get new leader and if we don’t, what the hell, he is only ruling us now. But that Gaddafi fellow is using air planes to kill his own people!Suddenly, every country is angry with Gaddafi. Obama is calling Gaddafi and says, boss you giving oil and all is ok, but now stop killing. He says no. That French guy is there na, that guy who has a hot wife, he comes and says ki, boss, this is unacceptable, you go. Gaddafi says, arey, you go. This is my country, you don’t poke your nose inside it. Then they run to UN and get permission (for what reason I don’t know). Some Arab Union is also saying ok ok, you bomb Libya, as if it is their country, they are telling.Here only anti-climax. China and Russia is saying wait man, you are acting in a silly manner. Then India. Already India is facing too much headache. All scamsters are busy discussing about each others scams, in between this headache also. So it is saying there is no enough information.  I also won’t vote only.But who will listen? Arey India and China together account for one-third of world population. So what? What we guys know about world peace? We don’t have the guts to go somebody’s house and fight with them! Bloody we don’t have the guts to go to neighbour’s house and ask biscuit only, then how they will listen to us? We are not strong people. Half the world is opposing this attack, but all these are weak fellows. France is telling ki, as long as we are there, we will not let Gaddafi kill his people. Arey if France wants to kill, then let him give them a chance na? Anyway Sarkozy can’t try such stunt anywhere else in the world, and all his soldiers are sitting jobless playing videogames.You see, already France, UK, USA image is big damage. They tried something and all in Iraq but that Saddam has cleverly hidden the nuclear bomb. Now only their chance. Let them do no. Anyway we are just reading newspaper and simply chatting.
								
